Update docs for forked PR review process (#998)
nasa/cumulus: docs/development/forked-pr.md

## Reviewing PRs from Forked Repos

Upon submission of a pull request, the Cumulus development team will review the code.

The request will then either be merged, declined, or an adjustment to the code will be requested.

PRs from forked repos cannot directly merged to master. Cumulus reviews must follow the following steps before completing the review process:

1. Create a new branch:

     $ git checkout -b from-<name-of-the-branch> master

> 1. Push the new branch to github

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be step `2`? All the steps are numbered `1`.

Author: This is a markdown trick (I can't find a reference) that allows you to number all of your items as 1 but it will output the correct number for each item. But it's probably clearer to just number things correctly in the source code. I'll fix.

Reviewer: Not sure I like that trick.. I thought the whole point of Markdown is being readable raw. I know it's a trivial example but relying on markdown parsers to make things intelligible doesn't seem like a great idea.

1. Change the destination of the forked PR to the new branch that was just pushed

![screenshot 2018-10-12 14 37 49](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1933118/46869547-80d31480-ce2c-11e8-9d2f-b8e1ea01fdb6.png)

> 1. Merge the forked PR to the new branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After code review and approval, merge the forked PR to the new branch.
```

> 1. If the travis tests, merge the new branch to master

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the continuous integration tests pass, merge the new branch to master
```

Reviewer 2: Or `automated integration`...
